OIDC Back-Channel Logout (#484)
auth0/express-openid-connect: EXAMPLES.md

```

Full example at [custom-session-store.js](./examples/custom-session-store.js), to run it: `npm run start:example -- custom-session-store`

## 11. Back-Channel Logout

Configure the SDK with `backchannelLogout` enabled. You will also need a session store (like Redis) - you can use any `express-session` compatible store.

```js
// index.js
const { auth } = require('express-openid-connect');
const { createClient } = require('redis');
const RedisStore = require('connect-redis')(auth);

// redis@v4
let redisClient = createClient({ legacyMode: true });
redisClient.connect();

app.use(
  auth({
    idpLogout: true,
    backchannelLogout: {
      store: new RedisStore({ client: redisClient }),
    },
  })
);
```

If you're already using a session store for stateful sessions you can just reuse that.

```js
app.use(
  auth({
    idpLogout: true,
    session: {
      store: new RedisStore({ client: redisClient }),
    },
    backchannelLogout: true,
  })
);
```

### This will:

> - Create the handler `/backchannel-logout` that you can register with your ISP.

Author: ```suggestion
- Create the handler `/backchannel-logout` that you can register with your Identity Provider.
```
